[Music]
eating for you is something that
you're going to like archive archive
good today we can talk about isabel
rábago isabel rábago journalist who
works on many programs for
telecinco and has had a
pretty radical change with rocio carrasco but i
think it's going to be that being honest
based on the research that i've done not
based on everything that i was watching in
fact i've swallowed like 500 hours of
spanish television programs from
telecinco and all the
gossip television a long time ago
since 2010 I've been watching programs that
isabel dragón has worked on
honestly it's a little i think that she's
a little bit of a suck up to fidel and
rocio carrasco lately
but her career has been kind of less
radical it has been like from one day
to the next like the tide palliatives this
year she used to support antonio david and
with the passage of time that goes over
time she's no longer in sincerity there's a
moment according to  She says that
Rocío Carrasco contacts her and tells her her
version and from there she creates
Rocío Carrasco but to be honest
within what we see and it
's a lot but within what we see on
Telecinco it has been a little more she has
done it a little more concealed I would
call it she has done it a little more
concealed and she is going to say that she is more
neutral than more objective but I would say
that she has done it less concealed because
not something like María Patiño helps her
by doing it like that
but one thing is that you change your
mind you can change your opinion and
the change of opinion on a lot of
topics in which I have given my opinion
throughout my career here on YouTube and
another thing is what we are going to see from one
change to another we are going to see first
some brushstrokes of what she thinks
now okay well about Fidel about Fidel she
defends him but we even wanted to or rather brought
out in this tennis player many
things were said for example to return to the
video the subject of her calling her
brothers Fidel Aldea the brothers of
Rocio Carrasco, immigrants do not
flatly deny it, just as they do not deny that it
is true that the
word shameless is used by Rocio
Carrasco. In that office, they have done on
the subject of immigrants, which
we have talked so much about, what came out according to
Amador, and not only according to Amador, but
her own colleague Antonio Rossi
said that he was there when he said it and he
changes in front of other journalists that
Fidel had said and was addressing
Rocio Carrasco's brothers as
immigrants, here Isabel Rabago
last year, not the year before, in 2020, when
Amador and that, that interview was limited
to saying on behalf of those who flatly deny it,
now suddenly on this
occasion, when Fidel has been getting into trouble
about immigrants, which has
been somewhat tiptoed at the end
because no one has said
anything else on the subject and as if they have
swept it under the rug, now it
justifies it, it justifies it, that if the
context, that if maybe he was not one of
those who call them immigrants, how
the matter changes, of course, as
the context is fundamental, depending on
the context, for me  what that term
is irrelevant fide denies even the
Peron society and with a fed up is not to
return again to the wing to the starting box
because this floor we are going to
use absolutely in everything this one who
is trying to speak is Antonio Rossi who is the one who
heard it with his own
ears of a ballet Antonio David
Flores
and
what
this is the same script and
it is the eyes that do not want to know who is interested in delaying stories that are not but what are you doing but if he hears it with his own ear he said okay about Rocío Flores it is curious because this already come on this that I put it in one of the videos in which we spoke
more or less how little by little
the information was taken out since before
the documentary we could understand that there
was a certain interest in the sentence
of Rocío Flores the sentence that
Rocío Flores has when she was a minor to be
known this was long before the
documentary in this I want you to remember
both Isabel Rábago and her
partner I want you to remember the
two journalists who are okay
[Laughter] there
is a  moment that there is a
complete episode between mother and daughter
it is a diligence
before a court and that there is a
conviction, it is not precisely for Rocío
Carrasco, which will be for the person that there are
conditions that
legally prevent mother and daughter,
not only taking into account the
conviction here, I think this is 2000, I don't know
if it was 2018 or 2019, this is valid, but it
also assumes that Rocío Carrasco and
her daughter do not see each other or cannot see each other
because to understand how a
restraining order or something like that, well,
a restraining order can be a
matter of points, but people
can understand it in many ways, but
basically it says that they no longer see each other and
have no contact because there are
legal situations when in reality
those legal situations already happened
almost a decade ago, in fact, I mean, this world is no
excuse
and the worst thing is that because of political ideology she
is critical of this type of
thing, Rocío, I do believe you, I did it from
the moment she allowed me to listen to her, I
have defended her despite many and I will
continue to do so, despite whoever
this may upset  it's the day that I would be in the
documentary I want to show you something
that is going to catch your attention and that
is that searching searching searching searching
I found several things
look for example with this article in
which Isabel Rabago in front of Ángela
Portero who was once her boss
admits that Antonio David called us to
the press to go see the
children I was one of those who lifted the
camera when the children were there Angela
Portero says the one who sent you was me not
Antonio abysmal then here
Rocío can no longer say I do believe you because you
know that everything she has said is not
true I am going to show you this script and I
also against it also that it is quite
revealing do you remember when we made a
video on the main channel in which I
showed you how they were planning the
documentary and how there were people who
knew about it a year in advance and such listen to
this clip I am very happy I have been
maintaining for a little less than a
year that Rocío Carrasco was going to speak and I have
always said it and I have always maintained
I am very happy because I want
her story to be heard what  I mean, he does
n't do it for money, he doesn't do it
for money. I don't think he did it for
money, which is also partly true, since we are here, you
can't take anything, but I
think that the poorest are in Kansas, but that
's just my personal opinion. But it's
striking that Isabel Rabago already
knew a year before that she was going to
talk. Do you remember this video that
we made? They already knew. But although she
has become very fuchsia. María fuchsia.
Okay, yes, it's true that whether you like it or not, she has been
more or less neutral on
some things, she keeps
quiet about some things, like for example what we
just saw, the issue of her
knowing that Antonia Vino was the one who
called the press. She knows that and
her boss, the doorman, knows that. But
nevertheless, on Rocío's set, she keeps quiet. They're
blaming us today on this for lying. And
here regarding the issue of Martín, so it
's true that she has always defended the
presumption of innocence in the sense that
no one can call Antonio.  David Malta
because he is not convicted but notice
how he says it, not only Rocío Carrasco
can point to Antonio David as she did
yesterday, she does it assuming the consequences
of an announced complaint, not before
David is not convicted but he
is not acquitted either. This girl, as a lawyer, who is she
because she is a lawyer, is no longer a
law student, she is a lawyer, she already knows that he
is not free because he has not been
tried but he has been investigated for
three years and if after having been
investigated for three years the
judges decide to archive them and that there is no
trial, it is much better than that he
acquits you, it is better because there is no
evidence, notice the anger she
gets with Thiago Arrabal because of what
Diego tells him that as a clique I am the
same a catheter a few euros that I can
believe was not the information and
Rocío Carrasco's injury and I am the same one who
defends the presumption of innocence
every day is that here she says one thing
that is not incompatible, I am the same one
who defends and I believe Rocío Carrasco
but I defend  the presumption of teaching
believing you Rocío Carrasco is not defending
the presumption is a little incompatible
with defending the presumption of innocence
Carrasco's story is that she has been
physically and psychologically abused and
if you are putting your good by saying Rocío
I do believe you she is not having the
presumption of innocence I think that is how
the production of absence is not
just that you from your mouth do not call her bad
if you are putting Rocío I do believe you that is what
Rocío is saying so
that you believe her I am saying that she
is a woman of quantity and physically
and psychologically bad then it does not suit me
[Music]
no no no
[Music] it
is that she gets very angry because she gets
very angry because there is the
presumption of essence I respect her
but of course in what I am
telling you if you are putting
everywhere that you support and that you are very happy
that Ross I speak and Rocío I believe you
on Twitter Rocío I believe you then there is no
presumption of innocence imagine I
can believe Rocío it is part of the story
that is not valid in this case but imagine
I can believe that she feels bad
because they have talked about Ireland the others
already cane on television
I can say yes I don't I have a part
where Rocío Carrasco is included but I do not
consider that to be bad she is
considering herself that she is given a lot of
stick that they have given her a lot she has
had many attacks whatever but
if you put a Rocío I do believe you I
see it a little compatible with the presumption
of innocence when we are talking about
a woman whose 7 I think not whose story is
that she has been a woman in bad shape physically and
psychologically as was being told
there is a moment in which Isabel Rábago
as I showed you at the beginning of the
video that she tells it there is a moment
in which Rocío Carrasco calls her and
offers her information of the stick I am going to
tell you my version as a result of that moment
Isabel Rábago completely changes her
speech I am going to show how
Isabel behaved  rábago with antonio david before
talking to rocio carrasco this is when
antonio la vida was in 'acorralados' let's
remember one very important thing okay
in 'acorralados' we have that scene
where antonio david confronts
aída nizar's mother do you remember that scene
okay well look at what isabel
rábago said about acorralado who would you
like to win acorralado antonio
david of course if antonio david
stays cornered great at the time
isabel rábago didn't think
Antonio David's attitude was any better this is not
Antonio David flores' twitter it's not
bequeathing his plant just so you know she's in a
super friend mode not in a super
defender of antonio de vino mode there's a
person who creates a
twitter account with the name antonia vil and
defends him when antonio david recovers
that username on twitter what a
joy or read that handsome father
we're talking about isabel rábago  a
person who has worked side by side
for many years in '
intimate enemies' with Antonio David so
these statements must have been based on something
but well she wanted to come clean on
Spanish television after all she doesn't
do it for money she doesn't do it for
money or rather here she knows the job she is a
witness to how Antonio David gave a
free interview for the program in which
she worked in the mornings of
Spanish television notice that they are
the two journalists who are not mentioned
okay her and the colleague who we have
seen the video before is not going
and I do not want to be on the cover the way
things are the day after the
wedding of plants in the eye of the hurricane she is
surrounded by family
here she is defending Rocío Flores
because Rocío Flores the day after
her mother's wedding was on the balcony of
the house in Chipiona taking pictures with the
rest of the family the typical thing they do
almost in front of the balcony no and that
some collaborators saw that as a kind
of provocation towards the mother no some
ugly towards the mother this clip that I am going
to put below is very important
I want you to pay very attention that's
enough  of leaving the other party like the
devil because she doesn't speak is already here in
this time she was defending Rocío
Carrasco tooth and nail and says that Rocío Carrasco doesn't
speak hey that's enough that Rocío
Carrasco never speaks when we have already
heard from the mouths of many
collaborators that it is not like that in fact
I have a video on the main channel
called Rocío Carrasco has been
silent for years and she is not that silent 20
years okay Rocío Carrasco has been there for
twenty-something years Rocío Carrasco has
spoken it is a lie that is repeated
many times so that it becomes the
truth to give the image and give the
impression to her followers that she never
speaks anymore that she tries to avoid that she
never speaks and that she only speaks in
court and that he is the other one who speaks
so it's true that he did not sit on
set like Antonio David collecting a lot of money from
one program another program from another
program another program but silent
either because as he was
suing for the right to honor
so many lawsuits or he did it through the mouths
of friends of other journalists and so on
but look look at
Isabel Rabago's reaction when her colleague says
that Rocío damn she's not talking anymore it's enough
that this man pays attention to you not even
privately asked trying pillars
of times that I have spoken with her she
has never mentioned it to me not even
privately either look at the face you
put on see work as if to say
seriously that click that also that she proposes
now is also very strong okay she is
questioning a lot by quantity talks about
the children you have the first person who
puts the children in the exclusive classroom
Rocío Carrasco when she says I don't care about
the absences it's going to be the happiest day
of her life of my life and me and all of Spain
says how can she say that if you are
mainly missing your children I am not a mother
your mother
see those messages that that girl is monkey
so you can see how is the predisposition
of each one to defend one side or the
other those messages then according to the
documentary Rocío Carrasco never said that
and there it was that she had never
said that about my wedding those who
have to be there are I am happy with
those who come something like that was not said that she had
said no here  she knows the recording
is confirming that she had said it and
the other even though she is listening to what was
said okay in the end even though
everyone is seeing her that she did
say it look how she changes the subject and
puts the focus and the pointing at Rocío
Flores to the messages that the mother posts
mother
see those messages that that girl is so cute it
saddens me to see those messages that the
line posts what the mother says she doesn't care
about the subject that Antonio David does
not work that he has not worked that is
also said a lot no since he has not
worked that he never works because
this man
worked that he had a relationship with a
well-known person and once it happens well you work you
work
if we get down to it I think the
analysis that you have done is great and now I will
pass it on to you and who Rocío Carrasco
who worked contributions of the know the
same questions as all of these for
Antonio David from the Rocio stream
look at what things that here she is
saying that she knows both versions I don't
know why suddenly there is a moment in
life years later shortly before she
starts with the documentary it was  just
when the change of attitude and Isabel
Rábago while Antonia was seen inside
the Big Brother house that's when
Rocio Carrasco supposedly got in
touch with her and they started
talking she launched herself and she started
defending herself she took out Socarrat rice but
look here she's already telling you
that she knows both versions so
because now she says that suddenly
Rocio Carrasco told her her version and she
believed it which is something that I don't know
and what she's commenting here
about that I feel like she doesn't work at work
that well or it may seem
more it may seem less but in the end it's
a more or less painful job or more or
less expensive but it's a job and if not let them
tell it to the treasury I
personally I personally believe that
for example Antonio Avilés used to
working on television that a job
that you get there gives you dad dad
dad he extends a reality show he talks about talks
from the other town however on YouTube he's
not giving it much stick the
YouTube job I'm not seeing it I'm just
taking it very seriously because the
job  from youtube is this tortilla ping ping ping
ping ping with jet they have kicked out
of television has the opportunity of
youtube that is supporting you the people
and so much advertising the others I had to
take gloves and get to work hard
youtube not a live every week or a
live or two live shows a month the work
of youtube I think he doesn't like it I
think he likes it and he wants television
but in the end it is a job whether we
like it more we like it less that it is less
expensive less painful than the parts it
hurts less whatever you want but it is a
job because that way in date how you
take away his part then there is this
opinion that isabel rábago has here and
that you will continue to hear
below about feel David works
or not or if it is lawful for him to talk about
his life or not this
specific opinion is not an opinion that you can
change with the story of rocio carrasco
be you with the story of rocio carrasco
you can change your opinion based on that
you are the cream of the cream
hear it point of wine is so good in the
end it also has its part things like
these nuances like these if they work or they
work this you can't change it for
the Russian story Carrascosa Seat and at
that time it seemed to you that Antonia was
doing me good talking about her life and
paying like that and that that was a job and that she
worked and that television did
give her everything now she can't tell me that
Antonio David should stop talking about it is that that does
n't work it's not Rocío
Carrasco I believe you if you put it on
Twitter or if I believe you another part
of Rocío Carrasco's story you are
paid and that she didn't want to work these are
nuances in the opinions of the
journalists of the collaborators that I
see that they can't change with the story
of the or Carrasco and less in such a short
time each one is different I have
worked as I have worked I know that she
works yes she works
who took the media by the hand
Antonio David Rocío
Carrasco who no because being the daughter of
Rocío Jurado we are not now going to cover up
a reality it seemed fine to him that Antonio
David went by the dishes talking about
his life with Rocío Carrasco because it
was  Rocio Carrasco, the one who put it in
the media around David and well, the
issue of the children is missing here to add
just as she said before about the
magazine, the indirect issue, the
message and so on, it is missing to add that
when they were together they already included the
children in the exclusives both the boy
and the girl when they were born there are photos there are
some even with the juries in
exclusive signal what the [ __ ] are
the complaints about Cantona Davis now they use the
children for the exclusives when the
when is the video with this they have
lived with that of young people that
children are born if you have been raised for
something like what we were discussing
the authority the thought that if you
write to you for something in the end you see it as
normal and current to do that
because you have to be telling all this
this to begin with because when there were
children involved because he has to be there
all the time look how he defends
that it is spoken look how he defends it
because here Antonio was his colleague
look how he defends the indefensible
defensible for them now no if
we saying it out of respect out of
respect or if I really respect them
do not speak
when they are  new I
chose more of the same I'm already bored that she
dedicates herself to thousands of jobs with Rocío
Carrasco and she never talks about him because
he talks about her everything because
here what happened to her is that Antonio
David Flores I think I think
what happened here was that Antonio Flores
gave her information he got her the
interviews and then
Rocío Carrasco started giving them this is a bit
like what I think happens to Paloma
García Pelayo that Paloma García Pelayo
suddenly goes from
always supporting Antonio David and from whatever
information they want to
defend Arroyo Carrasco because Rocío
Carrasco is the one who starts contacting
her about the information interviews and
so on not in 2019 September 2019
the famous September 2019 that we
have talked so much about right September 2019 September
2019 September 2019 and
September 2019 here the first one
September 11 was one of her favorites my
absolute favorites when  Antonia
video go to plants of weeks in the
house Isabel Rabago already the articles that are
written by the media in which they work
change the tone a little the judge
will have to decide during the next few
days and finally Antonio David Flores
must leave the Big Brother VIP house for a few hours
or decide another way to
notify him of the procedural moment in which he
finds himself an absence that we
viewers will not miss either since one of the
star signings of this edition after a
confrontation with Alba Carrillo and
after drawing a
very questionable life curve seems to have disappeared
in the most watched house in Spain
becoming a furniture
or transparent contestant quite a fiasco here I
think that two things add up these
personal opinions I don't remember
2019 well but I think that it adds up that she has already
spoken for Rocío Carrasco and that Isabel
Rabago is also friends with Alba
Carrillo in fact probably the
friendship or new friendship that she had with
Rosa Carrasco maybe has something to
do with Alba Carrillo has made there is a
bit of a bridge this  video I insist I don't
want you to take this as an attack on
Isabel Rabago because I don't consider her to
be anywhere near the same level as,
for example, Carlota Corday, much
less Alba Carrillo or Maria Patiño, although Maria
Patiño has
all her dignity completely worth it. I
think Isabel Rabago has made a
bit of a U-turn and it's not clear to me nor am I entirely
convinced if it was by
real convention since she really has
changed her mind so radically since she
started talking to Rocío Carrasco or
for work and when it's for work I can
tell you that from the heart, as a
person who has to earn
her living, I understand it. Now one thing is that she
understands it and respects it because in the end
what I think she has to do is
something else that is credible and finally
to close this video, well, nothing I'm going to
leave with this incredible
review that Raquel Bollo gave to Rocío
Carrasco and all her defenders
[Music]
once in her life
condemned by her own mother
[Music]
I think the same as the bun but
well, everyone can think as they want.
Until today's video, family, I hope
you enjoyed it, don't forget to
subscribe to my channels. I send you a huge kiss. [
Music]
[Music]